The crystal mines of Dakhoma are dedicated to the extraction of Dionite Crystals, powerful sources of magic primarily used for heating and light. There are different grades of crystals, and only high quality crystals are refined while lower quality crystals are often left uncut. 
# Silverheight Mining Company

Silverheight Mining Company (SMC) was already one of the major mining powerhouses in Skyreach, having bought up many small and independent mining operations in the nation. However, they have grown even more powerful since the war with the Dark Sun Federation has begun. The other major mining companies lost significant territory, while SMC's holdings remained largely intact. That, and the exacerbated need for Dionite crystals for the war effort, meant that SMC found massive profits in their continued mining operations. As such, their once simple mines have grown into massive harvesting towns.

Kreff is one such town. Mining the Dionite Crystals in the mountainside was one minor aspect of the once small town's economy. Since conflicts with the Dark Sun have grown more prolific in the north, though only rumors exist in the south, demand for the crystals has skyrocketed. Kreff now endures a series of growing pains. Many of those who work in the mines have immigrated there for work, abandoning simpler lives of farming and hunting. As a result, there is not enough proper housing for the workers, many of whom live with their families in cramped shacks hastily assembled for the growing population. In bids to maintain growing profits, SMC pays meager wages to their miners, though they make up for it with "bonuses" of Dionite crystals, though they are the worst quality ones not worth selling. The mining work is dangerous, often leading to deaths through cave-ins, gas leaks, and accidents with mining tools. Many of the workers are beginning to suffer ailments as a result of the work conditions, though SMC offers no assistance without also docking pay. Day by day, more people move to Kreff as SMC continues to try and meet rising quotas, and with each day, more and more of Kreff's local economy is colonized by the growing need for Dionite Crystals.

# The Crystal Barons
"Crystal Baron" is a broad term meant to describe anyone who has moved into significant positions of nobility through wealth and influence granted to them by their position in crystal mining operations. It is an external name not openly adopted by the "Barons," though many of them do find the term charming. Even then, it is still a broad term and there is plenty of wriggle room for the roles one of the Barons actually serves. There are some so wealthy as a result of their position in the mining companies that they do little other than throwing balls and parties. There are even more who, though still ridiculously wealthy in their own rights, still operate as lackeys to the most prestigious Barons.

Regardless, the way that the mining companies and operations are conducted are, more often than not, the direct result of the decisions made by the Crystal Barons. Lower rank Barons travel from mine to mine to act as quality assurance of the crystals, making sure that quotas are being met, and ensuring that the miners continue to know their place. There have been instances of mine workers attempting to come together to demand better pay and conditions, only for Barons to hire out the services of intimidating forces to break up the united workers, and even kill worker leaders.