## History
The planet Dakhoma is named for the earth-mother who causes the grain to grow and carries the rivers from the mountains to the sea. It is said that long ago, in the First Age of Man, the kingdoms of the ancient world turned their backs on their mother. Their wise men built great thinking machines and weapons by disemboweling the mountains and poisoning the air. Because they had denied their mother, she turned her back to them, becoming hostile and dry. Famine, war, and sickness had left the world barren and empty. Most species on the Earth became extinct, and few humans survived the desolation. The technological marvels of the First Age were lost to time, decay, and looting. 

The earth recovered, as she always does, and as life flourished again, so did humanity. The scattered survivors believed that the god of computers had betrayed the old humans, and declared that no thinking machine would ever be built again. The last of the computers were destroyed during this time, never again to plot treachery in their networks of transistors. The new civilization worshiped a new god: Genetics. Religions devoted to eugenics sprang up, spanning thousands of years. Races of humans much different from their predecessors dominated the world at that time, and still exist today. Cloning and gene editing became common practice. Living tools called symbiotes were created, which could merge with human flesh. The humans turned their back on the Earth once more, and once more they were decimated, this time by the creatures known as Dragons. The wise men of that age created the Dragons as living weapons, terrible beasts that could lay waste to entire cities. The kings of that age tried to control the dragons by harness and bridle as one would a horse. In the end, it was the Dragon War that brought the Second Age of Man to an end.

The period called Anthropocene is at an end. The destiny of the world is no longer shaped by mankind, for the race who inherited the Earth long ago forfeited it by his hubris. At the end of the Dragon War, the wise men predicted that the world would enter a new age: the Age of Trees. Humanity dwindled, subject to predation by dragons of their own making, temperatures and humidity continued to rise, and the constitution of the air became more suitable for vegetative growth. The Realms of the world are dominated by the all-encompassing Green, and the mighty race of trees holds power in most of the world, regarding the mammalian humans as primitive savages. In the western continent of Americadia, humans and their relatives still hold sway. In the North, the Dark Sun Federation has established itself as the last bastion of human dominion and pride, standing at the precipice between republic and empire. To the south, Skyreach sleeps quietly, growing as her people grow, content and abundant.

## Kingdoms and Realms
[[Skyreach]]
[[Dark Sun Federation]]

## Regions within Skyreach
[[The Argent Moor]]